docs: manage workspaces with kubectl (#2510)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/proc_listing-workspaces.adoc

[id="listing-workspaces"]
= Listing all workspaces

> You can list your workspaces by using the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a user, you can list your workspaces by using the command line.
```

.Prerequisites

* An active `{orch-cli}` session with permissions to `get` the `DevWorkspace` resources in your {orch-namespace} on the cluster. See {orch-cli-link}.

* You know the relevant {prod-short} user namespace on the cluster.
+
TIP: You can visit `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/api/kubernetes/namespace` to get your {prod-short} user namespace as `name`.

> * You are on the {prod-short} user namespace on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You are in the {prod-short} user namespace on the cluster.
```

+
[TIP]
====

> On OpenShift, you can use link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/developer-cli-commands.html#oc-project[the `oc` command-line tool] to display your current namespace or switch to a namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On OpenShift, you can use the command-line `oc` tool to link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/developer-cli-commands.html#oc-project[display your current namespace or switch to a namespace].
```

[id="listing-workspaces"]
= Listing all workspaces

> You can list your workspaces on a command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can list your workspaces by using the command line.
```

.Prerequisites

> * An active `{orch-cli}` session on the cluster. See {orch-cli-link}.

Reviewer 2: To match prereqs in "creating devworkspaces", perhaps we should include that you also need `get` and `list` permissions for DevWorkspaces in the relevant namespace.

Author: Thank you, fixed

> * An active `{orch-cli}` session with permissions to `get` and `list` `DevWorkspace` resources in your {orch-namespace} on the cluster. See {orch-cli-link}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An active `{orch-cli}` session with permissions to `get` the `DevWorkspace` resources in your {orch-namespace} on the cluster. See {orch-cli-link}.
```

* You know the relevant {prod-short} user namespace on the cluster.
+
TIP: You can visit `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/api/kubernetes/namespace` to get your {prod-short} user namespace as `name`.

* You are on the {prod-short} user namespace on the cluster.
+
[TIP]
====

> On OpenShift:
> 
> * You can use the `oc` command-line tool to check your current namespace:
> +
> `$ oc project`
> 
> * You can switch to your {prod-short} user namespace on a command line if needed:
> +
> `$ oc project __<user_namespace>__`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On OpenShift, you can use link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/developer-cli-commands.html#oc-project[the `oc` command-line tool] to display your current namespace or switch to a namespace.
```
